{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1043{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang19\f0\fs22 CHARACTERIZATION:\line\line\b\fs28 FRISK\b0\fs22\line Mannerisms: \line Goals: \line Other: slightly obsessed with the concept of complete and total freedom due to growing up with Orion\line\line\b\fs28 CHARA\b0\fs22\line Mannerisms: snarky, secretive, distrusting, resentful, prideful\line Goals: \line Other: slightly obsessed with the concept of complete and total freedom due to growing up with Orion\line\line\b\fs28 ORION\b0\fs22\line Mannerisms: polite, everything he says is deliberate, charismatic, impossibly good liar\line Goals: obtain/keep full control over the timeline by wiping out Frisk and Chara.\line Other: has some measure of respect for Chara which is the closest thing to love he'll probably ever feel, has a fixation on having the total freedom to do whatever he pleases\line\line\b\fs28 SENA\b0\fs22\line Mannerisms: Sickly, kind, quirky, funny, generous, hardworking\line Goals early: do what Orion says\line Goals later: redeem herself, stop Orion from killing everyone, make some friends\line Other: is genuinely sick due to Orion's druggings(though she's not aware that's the reason she's sick), but exploits the hell out of it. uses "sick days" to run errands for Orion, including the whole asriel manipulation shtick\line\line\line\line ITERATIONONE:\line\line Post-Soulless Pacifist Run, Chara takes control of Frisk, and then tries to reset: but because Orion's Determination is more powerful than Chara's, Orion has regained control over the timeline. \line Chara let's Frisk have enough control so nothing appears too different, while trying to control them by threatening to kill their friends.\line Sans starts to get suspicious.\line Toriel makes Chara go to school.\line At school, Chara meets Sena, Frisk's older sister, who greets them under the impression Chara is Frisk.\line Frisk is terrified of Sena, meaning Chara ends up taking control frequently when dealing with her.\line Sena very quickly becomes suspicious about Chara's odd behaviour, but keeps to the plan.\line Sena starts to take control of Chara's life through great deals of manipulation, primarily consisting of blackmail.\line Sena starts to "befriend" all of "Frisk's" friends, while reporting everything she learns from this to Orion.\line Sans becomes suspicious of Sena, as well.\line Sena, having learned all she feels she could on her own, demands Chara comes with her to Orion. Orion, thus far, has never been mentioned by name and has only been called "grandpa" by Sena.\line Sans follows in secret.\line Upon meeting Chara, Orion immediately realizes Chara's identity.\line Orion, after rapidly figuring out some more things about Chara, realizes that killing her would also eliminate Frisk without the risk of a reset.\line Sans interrupts, saving Chara.\line Sans escorts Chara home, but confronts them with his suspicions.\line Chara begrudgingly admits to her identity in light of overwhelming evidence.\line Chara tries to convince Sans not to tell anybody else, but Sans rejects.\line Sans tells the rest about someone having taken control of Frisk's body, but not specifically who Chara is.\line Most of the cast is now verbally hostile towards Chara if they are not in public, though they are forced to pretend they still think they're Frisk when in public.\line Papyrus, however, decides to give Chara a chance, unsettling them.\line Sena, now also knowing of Chara's existence, starts to miss Frisk. She starts to absolutely detest Chara, demanding she gives Frisk back.\line\line\line ITERATIONTWO:\line\line Chara takes control of Frisk, tries to reset but can't due to Orion's interference.\line Chara attempts to pretend to be Frisk, but fails to do so perfectly. While the cast does not think Frisk/Chara is up to anything, they do think there's something wrong with them, and are more worried than suspicious.\line Chara decides to stay with Toriel, because they don't know where Frisk could possibly go, they don't think they could fool anybody who they haven't already seen Frisk interact with, they don't really want to meet up with any humans, and they secretly do kind of want to be with their mother again.\line At some point, Sena successfully tracks down Chara.\line Sena, while under her "innocent and nice" facade, quickly notices something is amiss, and after questioning Frisk's friends, starts to get increasingly suspicious.\line The next time Sena reports to Orion, Orion will quickly realize the similarities to Chara, and realizes that would explain why he is now capable of stopping the resets. However, he'll still be unsure that his sibling could be back after all this time.\line Sena plants recorders around Chara's home.\line Papyrus is the first to realize that Chara isn't really Frisk, but promises Chara he won't tell anyone, and that he is certain that they will bring Frisk back eventually. He also says that if Chara ever needs a friend, Papyrus will always be there for them: and that he's certain that Frisk would be willing to be their friend too, if they just ask.\line Chara doesn't know how to deal with this at all, and starts to get angry: and, while trying to explain themselves(not that they realize that's what they're doing), they tell Papyrus things, most notably things about Asriel.\line Sena overhears everything, and Orion devises a plan. Sena says something to Chara in the hopes that it will lead to Chara talking to Alphys about SOULs, which Sena would then be able to overhear.\line Following Orion's plan, Sena drops into the same hole Frisk had fallen into, and encounters Flowey.\line Sena tricks Flowey into believing that Orion and Sena will help him, as well as tricking him into believing that Frisk trusts Sena, by telling him things that he believes only Frisk would know.(aka information she got from the recordings)\line Sena, while manipulating Asriel, does start to feel a genuine connection to him, but she ignores it and remains blindly obedient to Orion.\line\line Chara, at some point, somehow manages to reform Sena. Details need to be worked out on this.\line\line At some point, Orion uses his knowledge of SOULs that he's gained from manipulating his own SOUL for so long, possibly together with knowledge he's obtained about SOULs he's obtained with the recordings, to recreate Asriel's SOUL.\line Then, Orion promptly kills Asriel and takes his SOUL. This initiates the Darkest Hour, and Orion basically starts ruining everything.\line The way Orion eventually loses is because Asriel manages to rebel and take control of the timeline, for just a brief moment, and LOADs back to the moment he got his SOUL back.\line Asriel meets up with Sena, who managed to keep her memories of after the LOAD due to having obtained some semblance of Determination.\line They split up in the building briefly, as Sena goes to look for some kind of weapon.\line Orion finds Asriel, aims his gun at him, and is about to shoot, but is interrupted by Sena shouting at him to stop.\line Sena is, in turn pointing a gun at Orion, resulting in a standoff where Orion cannot shoot because he will be shot at by the other, while Sena and Asriel cannot attack because Asriel's magic would not kill Orion instantly, and Sena has never fired a gun before in her life and does not believe she would be able to kill Orion instantly either, meaning that if they attack Orion he will simply kill one of them.\line Orion comes up with multiple bluffs, which all revolve around him having set up something that would cause bad things to happen in the event of his death. Sena and Asriel have to analyze them and determine that they are, in fact, bluffs.\line Upon seeing his bluffs fail, Orion mentions that Asriel's body has started to become unstable from possessing too much Determination. He then promptly shoots Asriel, which in turn causes Sena to shoot Orion.\line Asriel starts melting, and Orion, bleeding out, says that seeing as Asriel was able to handle Chara's Determination when he had absorbed Chara's SOUL, absorbing a human SOUL must somehow increase a monster's resistance against Determination.\line Orion then says that Asriel could absorb his SOUL, thus letting Asriel live on. He claims that his motivation for doing this is that he does not wish to totally lose his immortality, and letting his SOUL get absorbed would let some part of him, at least, live on forever.\line Sena answers that Orion is far too prideful to not be in control of his life, and correctly states that there's a possibility Orion could simply take control of Asriel.\line Orion asks if it isn't worth the risk anyway, and also says that Frisk and Chara may very well try and RESET or LOAD in order to save Asriel, which would give him another chance at winning.\line Sena then shoots herself, and lets Asriel absorb her SOUL.\line\line\line ITERATIONTHREE:\line\line Chara takes control of Frisk, tries to Reset, Frisk tries to stop them, and much to the surprise of both of them, Frisk successfully stops Chara from resetting. Frisk notes to themselves(but not to Chara) that it felt like they were being supported somehow. This was due to Orion's Determination also refusing to let Chara reset.\line Chara attempts to pretend to be Frisk, with moderate success. Their behavior is viewed as odd but not suspicious because honestly who expects a kid to suddenly get possessed or something.\line Chara stays with Toriel because 1. Chara hates humans, 2. Chara has no idea where Frisk could possibly stay, 3. Chara doesn't want to do too many things that Frisk would disagree with right now.\line Chara tries to worm information from Frisk on how to look less suspicious in the future. Frisk agrees to help Chara look less suspicious, as well as not prevent them from SAVEing or LOADing, under the condition that Chara doesn't hurt anybody.\line\par
}
 